---
layout: page
title: "Feelings"
subtitle: "Inspiration or Distraction?"
date:   2021-11-29 15:00:00 +0800
categories: dump
# author: "Bart Simpson"
# meta: "Springfield"
---

### Feelings
These so-called "Feelings" can be an inspiration and distraction to the person experiencing these.
And as a person, these come to me every time of my life. 
It can help the person to be a better person or worse.
If it is not managed or handled with a strategic planning or smart decision the person can lose in this battle of feelings.

Handling these feelings is not easy.

### Feelings as an inspiration.
If you feel loved or inloved, these feelings can inspire you to be a better person to that person you get feelings from.
Being the better person for her/him. Striving to survive the everyday battles, financial problems, and other issues for that person.
You overcome these problems in order to maintain that feelings for that person. And that is the feelings as an inspiration.

### Feelings as a distraction.
If you have a career or responsibility that you carry on your backs, these feelings can be a distraction to you.
You might get distracted by these feelings in your work, school, and in your responsibilities.
Not knowing which is which to prioritize. And you think about two things now, your goal and your feelings.
There is the urge to violate your principles or duties in order to fulfill the requirements of those feelings.
But reality sucks in, there is a dilemma.


I am not love guru or expert. I can categorize myself as a person with experiences with these. But handling them is my weakness.
I just want to express my current dilemma.

<strong>Do you experience this also?</strong>